# gramfree-md
Hi! From experience I know everyone benefits from some money! Hopefully this way I can help more people with this opportunity, which I also came across by chance! 😊 https://GramFree.world/?r=6626886 What is a Gram? Gram is a cryptocurrency. A feature of Gram is the high speed of transactions. Cryptocurrencies implemented on early blockchain platforms due to the low speed of transactions are more suitable for investment than for use as a payment tool. For inctance, Bitcoin can provide only 7 transactions per second for all users, Ethereum - 15. The Gram blockchain platform is expected to be millions of transactions per second. It is should become a crypto-analog of Visa and Mastercard. Why are they free? 10% of the Gram mass is allocated to a nonprofit organization which will keep the infrastructure operational. How does the lottery work? There are 100 000 tickets on each tour. The probability of winning one ticket is 0.1%. Every day a random number occurs with the ticket number of the winner, the prize is calculated based on the table of winnings. What is a User level? This is an indicator of user activity on the site, which helps to identify real users from bots which automatically try to trick the system. When you reach a new level, you get bonuses. The roll rime has increased. Why? You have reached the daily limit. I've watched all the videos. What about the new ones? Most videos are on review, please come back in a few days. 99% of the videos don't fit the requirements so our team check them very carefully. I've uploaded a new video. How long does it take to moderate it? It all depends on the moderation queue. Some videos are moderated by the neural network immediately, some are sent for a manual review so you'll need to wait for a few days. Why was my video rejected? 1. Video is not hosted on YouTube 2. Video is not about GramFree 3. Your video lasts less than 1 or more than 2 minutes 4. The name of the video is not full 5. The video contains ads 6. The site administration reserves the right to reject videos without explaining the reason. What are smart contracts? A smart contract is a computer protocol intended to digitally facilitate, verify, or enforce the negotiation or performance of a contract. Smart contracts allow the performance of credible transactions without third parties. These transactions are trackable and irreversible. The aim of smart contracts is to provide security that is superior to traditional contract law and to reduce other transaction costs associated with contracting. Various cryptocurrencies have implemented types of smart contracts. What does a risky contract mean? This contract have to be confirmed every day, otherwise you will have to pay a penalty. As an example, if you have a contract on the 10th, you need to confirm it on the 11th, the 12th, the 13th, the 14th and sign it on the 15th. With a regular contract you can skip days and sign it even in 2 months after the conclusion of a contract. Why is it taking so long to support? Due to the large number of messages, we reserve the right not to respond to some messages, the answers to which you can find in the FAQ section or which do not make sense. We usually respond within two weeks, but in some cases it may take longer. Why is my Available balance less than the Balance on dashboard? Due to frequent fraudulent activities, we had to add a delay of payments. For attracting a referral Grams are credited to the Pending balance, and after referrals reach level 2, they will be available for withdrawal. What is the minimum withdrawal? Today it is 500 Gram. When do I get money to my card? You will get the money as soon as our moderator is ready with your account check. Usually within two weeks, but in some cases it may take longer. You don't need to pay anything. If you use an e-wallet, you'll get the money immediately, but you'll need to wait a couple of days if you have VISA or MasterCard.
